the champ experiment birds from the
highly successful book and workbook
program the champ within this program
takes things to the next level with a
behind-the-scenes look at the program in
action stress anxiety depression
financial pressures gang violence and
teen pregnancy are just some of the
issues teens and single parents faith
today in these tough economic and
emotional time the champ experiment will
take us on a journey that will show us
the direct impact this project has had
on the lives of teens and their single
parents as they face these issues and
put the champ within program in motion
brooch am lives will be changed and
dreams will become a reality for the
family at the same time we will follow
author and advocate tracy s campbell and
her team as they hit the road to launch
the champ experiment its cities around
the u.s. first stop on this adventure
Houston Texas what exactly is champ
champ is an acronym that represents
children having a missing parent over 16
million single-parent families exist
today twice as many as 20 years ago most
of these families are headed by single
mothers and half of these families earn
less than 40 thousand dollars a year
making for dire financial situations
even in two-parent homes the enormous
pressure simply to survive in the
current economy leaves less and less
time for teens preteens and parents to
bond emotional and mental pressures are
on the rise for parent but especially
for teens and preteens for this reason
champ also stands for five traits every
team needs to develop within themselves
for emotional
mental fulfillment character happiness
attitude mentality and purpose through
the systematic program the champ within
we will see teens and their families
candidly express their thoughts fears
challenges and triumphs as they put the
chant within program to work in their
lives and we will also see that the
reward is great for those who face the
challenge to positively change their
mindset and their lives for the better
stay tuned for season one of the champ
experiment as it launches in Houston
Texas join us on this journey to help
change the lives of teens and their
parents one family at a time the champ
experiment part reality part documentary
and all heart as we help make dreams
come true
Oh